---
layout: post
title: OpenStack4j 1.0.2 Release
tags: [release, openstack4j, news]
---

We are proud to announce the OpenStack4j 1.0.2 Release.  We would especially like to thank our growing community for helping with this release and the great feedback and information we have received.

### Newest Features

* Heat Orchestration Support
* Issue #65 - Instance rebuild with options support
* Issue #56 - Set userdata when creating a server
* Issue #34, Issue #27 - Support for HP Cloud / Identity V3 authentication
* Issue #45 - Seamless retry/auto-renew support when a token has expired. Will re-execute original request after renewal
* Issue #15 - Ability to specify a Region to call against
* Issue #26 - Ability to set Availibility Zone to a Server
* Issue #19 - Boot and Wait for Server to become ACTIVE based upon max wait time

### Issues Addressed 
* Issue #58 - Server status "SHUTOFF" showing as UNRECOGNIZED enum value on query
* Issue #50 - List of SecurityGroupRule returns null
* Issue #49 - Listing of servers error in some environments
* Issue #18 - Network Facing Perspectives to determine endpoint resolution
* Issue #5, #47 PR - Availability Zones listing

### Other News

Our next major release will be 2.0.0.  We are excited to offer some great major improvements.  Some of these improvements coming in v2 are:

* Modular Design - Choose a connector that matches your environment (Jersey 2, Resteasy or HttpClient).  Choose a Logging module that matches your environment (SL4J, Log4J, JDK, etc) and OpenStack4j will log to it.
* Jackson 1.x has been upgraded to FasterXML Jackson v2
* The default Jersey 2 connector is now at 2.10.1
* Configuration options (timeouts, SSL Context, verifiers, etc)
* And much, much more!

The OpenStack4j master branch is now building as 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.  For feature ideas and enhancements for 2.0.0 release cycle please submit a <a href="https://github.com/gondor/openstack4j/issues/new" target="_blank">enhancement ticket</a>